# CardsAgainstHumanityOnline
This is a web-based online multiplayer version of the card game 'Cards Against Humanity' which you can play together with your friends. This started due to me not liking how http://pretendyoure.xyz forces all players to stay connected and does not really allow long-term game sessions with long breaks.

<p><b>This game is still under development - most of the pages of the website are already created and it is possible to create and join games but it is not yet possible to actually play it unfortunately. But it will probably be playable soon because at the time of writing this, I am less than 24 hours into the development process and already have finished quite a lot of the work that has to be done and if I can just remotely keep up with the current pace the whole game will be finished in no time.</b></p>

### Some technical notes
<p>Please bear in mind that this is the first web app I have ever developed - I had not even tried anything remotely similar to this in my whole development career. Actually I do not even posess good web development skills and miss everything but the most important basics in html, js and css which might actually be a good thing as this means that I do not use a single JS framework, a node.js server or something like that which would only make the server use more commputing power & ram and heavily increase page size and loading time, therefore making your experience worse by heavily increasing load times and the used bandwidth.</p>
<p>Instead, this app is based around a tiny webserver (this actually was my first time doing anything web-related in C#, too) written in C# on which I built a game server which handles all the requests in a single class. All the webpages except the game-page are fully generated server-side and do not load anything else like fonts, style sheets, javascript files or images to make everything as responsible and robust as possible (also no JS frameworks as mentioned before).</p>
<p>But as this project is also developed based around the idea of learning by doing - I would love to hear your opinion on what I could improve in this project or potential future projects.</p>

### Setup
<p>All of this means that the server should be fairly robust and that the amount of work necessary for setting up the server is minimal: Compile the project in release mode (or download the pre-compiled binaries from the release-section), start the server-executable with admin rights and you're done - your own Cards Against Humanity Online-server is up and running.</p>
<p>The default port is 31815, so you can access your server on http://localhost:31815/, http://127.0.0.1:31815/ or http://[::1]:31815/ from your local pc. Use your local ip address (on Windows: enter `ipconfig` into the command line and look for an entry called ipv4 address) to access the server from your local LAN network (you might have to open the port in your firewall) or use your public ip address (use a tool such as http://www.whatismypublicip.com/ to find it out) to play with your friends from all over the internet (you will probably have to open the port used for the server - 31815 in your router's firewall).</p>

### Legal Notice
This web game is based off the card game Cards Against Humanity which is available for free under the Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 2.0 license. I am not associated with them in any way. If you should have concerns regarding the correctness of my usage of their property, please send me an email (the address is available through my profile).
